boundary updates various (#9)
hashicorp/terraform-aws-boundary-enterprise-worker-hvd: README.md

- [Upgrading Boundary version](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-boundary-enterprise-worker-hvd/blob/main/docs/boundary-version-upgrades.md)
- [Updating/modifying Boundary configuration settings](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-boundary-enterprise-worker-hvd/blob/main/docs/boundary-config-settings.md)

## Troubleshooting

> During deployment the output of the `user_data` script can be traced in `/var/log/cloud-init.log`, `/var/log/cloud-init-output.log` and `/var/log/vault-cloud-init.log` due to `set -xeuo pipefail` in the default  `install-vault.sh.tpl`

Reviewer: references to vault here, think it should be 
```suggestion
During deployment the output of the `user_data` script can be traced in `/var/log/cloud-init.log`, `/var/log/cloud-init-output.log` and `/var/log/vault-cloud-boundary.log` due to `set -xeuo pipefail` in the default  `boundary_custom_data.sh.tpl`
```
